



SOV

Create a new application: MPM - Category - SOV
This application will query the MTRX.CATEGORY_SPENDING_MM_MP and MTRX.CATEGORY_SPENDING_MM_TNS tables to generate a report which will display the current year and previous year spending for the "Top 10" Companies in the selected Categories.

Each record in the MTRX.CATEGORY_SPENDING tables contains the total spending for a Company/Company/Year/Week.
The CAT_CODE value in this table is PCC3.
 
Check with Cheng Zhao if you need help in understand the Category relationships.

Source Panel:

	TimeSpan
	Customized Category Selection (See MPM - Category - Category Trend)
	
Reports (See attached file for example report layouts):

	Top 10 Report
	
		This report will display the Current Year (CY) spending, Previous Year (LY) spending, and the Percentage Change (% Diff) for the 10 Companies with the most Spending.
		An additional "Other" row will be displayed which will contain the total spending for all other companies.
		The "Total" row will contain the total spending for all companies.
		
		CY = Total Spending in selected Time Range, selected Categories
		LY = Total Spending in the the Previous Year (StartYear-1, StartWeek ---- EndYear-1, EndWeek)
		% Diff = ((CY - LY) / LY
		
		Each Spending value should be a clickable link. When the user clicks on a Spending value the Company Trend report for that Company will be displayed.
		
	Company Trend
		
		This report will display the Weekly Spending for the selected Company.
		This report will be displayed when the user clicks on a Company's spending value in "Top 10 Report".
		

		
		
		
Flex Pie Chart

Create a new Flex Tag which will be used to display a Pie Chart.
The input to this tag will be a list of Beans where each Bean in this list will contain the following fields:
	ID:String
	Code:String
	Name:String
	Value:double
	Percentage:double
	Color:String
You should create this Bean class and hardcode the beans to test your tag.
The Tag will create a Pie Chart which contains one wedge for each Bean.
In addition to the list of beans, the tag will also take a "Selected ID" parameter. The "Selected ID" parameter will specify which wedge of the Pie Chart should be exploded.


PredefinedDaypart3 Tag

Create a new tag: PredefinedDaypart3.
This tag will display the Pre-defined selections from DaypartSelection2 for each Media (Broadcast, Cable).
Each Media (Broadcast and Cable) will also display a "Show Flexible" link.
When the user clicks on the "Show Flexible" link the "Flexible Popup" will appear.
The "Flexible Popup" will display the DaypartSelection2 tag without the Pre-defined option. 
When the user makes a selection in the "Flexible Popup":
	a.	Weekdays and Dayparts checkboxes for the Media that was clicked will be hidden
	b.	Flexible Daypart description (M-F 5:00AM-6:59AM) will displayed.
	c.	A "Hide Flexible" link will also be displayed. 
		When the user clicks this link the display will revert to Predefined Dayparts.
		
		
LT Summary

1.	Add an additional "Sub Row" drop-down box.
	This selection will be used together with the "Rows" and "Columns" drop-down box.
	The user may now choose which values will be displayed in the Sub Rows in addition to the Rows and Columns.
	Each drop-down box (Rows, Sub Rows, Columns) should have the following selections:
		Quarter
		Network
		Daypart

2.	Create a new Detail report which will contain Rows, Sub Rows, and Columns based on the users selections.
	See the attached file for example layout of report